# Okay Game Lists
There are many lists of video games for various platforms from Wikipedia to RFGeneration. In this repository I am posting my personal lists for collectors. There are many, many websites with good information, however there are also a lot of apps with mediocre lists full of copy/pasted info and inconsistently formatted titles. Most sites either force you to interact with filtering a database to filter information or put "every" game into one, single list. Well, what's in that list? Is Nintendo World Championships in your NES list? Why? Why not? Is Game Genie? Is Huge Insect? Every list maker has criteria and assumptions about what "counts" for a list of video games, but rarely explains what was included and exluded and why.

The intention for my lists is to make it easy to build your own list. I too have assumptions of what counts and doesn't, but that doesn't make my criteria correct. On each page I have multiple lists fitting different criteria, along with notes about what's included, what isn't, what's on the edge, and why. I also have a list of useful sources where some of the information comes from. **Nothing in these lists is simply copy/pasted and unverified**.

Additionally, I've gone through each game and chosen what I think is the most correct title for it based on the box, media, title screen, and manual. This is with the understanding that many games have multiple conflicting or differently formatted titles. For example the box for Championship Pool says "The Billiard Congress of America Presents Championship Pool". The Game Boy title screen just says "Championship Pool". The Genesis title screen says "Billiard Congress of America Presents Championship Pool". There is no correct answer to what the truest title of this game is (I went with Championship Pool). Ideally your database should include all variants of a title for completeness, but these lists just have one entry per game.

This is not a giant database of all video game information. It is meant to be simple, useful, correct copy-pastable lists of titles that you can reformat and use however you collect video games.
